# UTIDE
The source code for "UITDE: An UAV Assisted Intelligent True Data Evaluation Method for Ubiquitous IoT Systems in Intelligent Transportation of Smart City".

## Abstract
The development of intelligent transportation system (ITS) provides new methods to alleviate traffic problem, but most methods need a large amount of sensing data of the road. Thus, there are millions of Internet of Thing (IoT) devices, namely workers, are employed to collect data, then allow cloud server from Mobile Crowd Sensing (MCS) to calculate sensing results, namely estimated truths. However, there are many malicious workers, namely attackers or spammers, reporting wrong data to damage MCS applications, so we want to eliminate these negative impacts by proposing a UAV assisted intelligent true data evaluation method (UITDE). UITDE has two main contributions. For one, we abandon traditional algorithms that only use workers’ data to obtain estimated truths and compute their trusts directly. In contrast, we employ Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV) to collect data as ground truths to test authenticity of workers' data and calculate their trusts. For another, there may be some unmalicious workers who collect inaccurate data due to their aged sensing equipment, extreme weather or other objective reasons, and they should be recognized and their data should be rectified. The results of comparison between UITDE and other methods are: the performance of workers' trust evaluation is improved by 13.6%, the mean absolute error (MAE) for estimated truths is reduced by 82.26%, and the utility of system is increased by 276.16%. Moreover, the total accuracy of workers is promoted by 211%, and the MAE for rectified workers is decreased by 66.4%.
